hi gang its Brendan from mini mania
again and today we are going to be at
AJ's superior automotive where we are
going to install a Quicksilver exhaust
on our 58 coupe and we're going to get
it up in the air in just a moment and
we'll have AJ who's over there just
about to put it up in the air fit the
exhaust and then we'll give you a taste
of what it sounds like when we're done
alright hang in there
well silicon make it a little easier
please to slide out this is the stock
system in place all the way out the back
this is the easiest way to do these that
and then come back with some pliers or
something or something else to get them
the rest away they actually have a
special tool just for doing this yeah
I'll bet they do you've got tools for
just about every last little operation
it's kind of something like that but
bigger
just some spreads apart 16
a little hot we've already removed these
two hangers we have the rear of the cell
system supported by a transmission stand
over here
and it's out
we're free that's the reason why we left
these front ones still attached we're
going to drop the exhaust if you could
get this back touch it see the top
well we're gonna take off
are you for the new system okay so now
we're gonna get to fitting our
Quicksilver exhaust system made in the
UK off the old ones now these look a
little more beauty to know so they might
be harder these hangers will take some
muscling because the hangers that are
actually on the Quicksilver are bigger
than they are on the stock exhaust more
robust
so we're just going to fit the second
pipe just attach this with a clamp here
and then we're going to put on okay
here's the exhaust system whoo all we
got to do is just tighten the clamps but
that's what it looks like and in a
minute you'll get to hear what it sounds
like listen to that sounds a lot better
AJ